something's still trying to search out a
style of play burr it'll take the first
shot
man rotate as you swing the ball around
so it's not gonna be an easy night for
Boston's offense if they play half-court
bird again he's two for two
all right it's a good sign
and rebound to dirt again finds picked
me alone nice move
good alert cast by Larry Bird DJ got a
hand as they were looking for McKee
bounce pass Pinckney Joe hole for two
the ball reasonably well that tech bird
really pushed the key out of the spot
nopal Larry on a wing Pinckney really
helped create that opening for bird as
he a toast
bird cage stayed home he found the two
ball went up strong that time and
McDaniel didn't bother him Kevin took
double fine Dennis Johnson and out bird
is their birth did a little nudging of
his own bird hoping it's on a base line
Top Shot bird gets it back but three
I'll tell you that is a great sign he's
played a lot of minutes right now
Celtics now three on three the other way
bird wants it
17 for birdie here's Larry Bird he's
bringing it up he in effect as the
middle man he takes it away from the
hoop and just rises up and over the top
now that's on a fairly decent push up
the court burners gamble pops out he
goes to bird he gets doubles finds DJ to
cutter the two good look great caught by
Dennis Johnson any boy he going to see
most teams don't really double-team
Larry Bird at least not so much this
season here they do great pass to DJ and
without a real shot blocker in the
Seattle lineup DJ was able to really
ward off Mike Larry got free knock down
to 19 first half points for bird bird
sneaking up the floor squares up he's
got the stroke back today
sure does 21 now nine-point Celtic lead
foot
bird wants the ball on Ellis gets it
fall away three Ellis is not going to go
up the tippet bird flashing through
tough shot knocks it down five they were
right on his shooting him that time in
each other
Aaron skips it bird for three and he got
it outside with five on the shot clock
and we go 56:47 bird inside packs in a
good mood for to birth delivered it
right at the proper timeless tale there
long outlet to poor
catchy good look by Kevin McHale and
bird at the top of the defense just
headed up course Celtics have forced
more turnovers tonight didn't any other
game this year at perative
34 in counting for three rebound pinky
and a lot of green shirts up to Upshaw
kelvin - in a five
go down left ass by its meet me after
the rebound to bird who had his head up
and spotted up shore way out on the wing
and this is a strong move because McKee
is really a leaper 7:15 to go in the
game but forward again for to be one of
those defensive run away from the trap
gets it to bird over to Paxson back to
Larry finds Jim sets his feet knocks it
down that is option 2 Kevin McHale in
the corner or a pax and looking straight
at the hoop Larry a little runner goes
off the glass oh boy
I haven't seen one of those in a while
38 for bird alley Shawn Kemp faked it on
one side got it on the other
- dear bird on the twenty-year-old
camera takes a follower oh he's got 40
aspyn's Paxson
in the McHale pits over camp
Kevin with 16 14 of those coming and
Larry Bird with the triple-double
tonight
that was his tenth assist either he
Johnson misses at the buzzer and the
Celtics a very convincing 12 point win
over Seattle here tonight led at every
break nice to see your case